Add support for server-side threads. (#253)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Guardrails: docs/user_guides/server-guide.md

}]
```

> ### Threads

Reviewer: Should we also add a link to the sample config at the end of the section?

Author: Added.

> The Guardrails Server has basic support for storing the conversation threads. This is useful when you can only send the latest user message for a conversation rather than the entire history (e.g., from a third-party integration hook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Guardrails Server has basic support for storing the conversation threads. This is useful as you can send only the latest user message(s) for a conversation rather than the entire history (e.g., from a third-party integration hook).
```

#### Configuration

> To use server-side threads, you have to register a datastore. To do this, you must create a `config.py` file in the root of the configurations folder (i.e., the folder containing all the configurations the server must load). Inside `config.py` use the `register_datastore` function to register the datastore you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use server-side threads, you have to register a datastore. To do this, you must create a `config.py` file in the root of the configurations folder (i.e., the folder containing all the Guardrails configurations the server must load). Inside `config.py` use the `register_datastore` function to register the datastore you want to use.
```
